Make scheduling timeout constant to be a configurable option (#4886)
StackStorm/st2: CHANGELOG.rst

* Add ``get_entrypoint()`` method to ``ActionResourceManager`` attribute of st2client.
  #4791
* Add support for orquesta task retry. (new feature)

> * Add config option ``scheduler.execution_scheduling_timeout_threshold_min``. Fixes #4887

Reviewer: Changelog record should be a bit more descriptive, but not too much to keep it compact. For example:

```suggestion
* Add config option ``scheduler.execution_scheduling_timeout_threshold_min`` to better control the cleanup of scheduled actions that were orphaned. #4886
```

Reviewer: This is still unresolved. I committed this change before, but your force-push re-writed it back to the previous version.
